Documented import/export commands and add triggers ID and name to configuration files. (#768)
GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy: triggers/README.md

# Cloud Build triggers for a GitHub repository

> We use Google Cloud Build (GCB) triggers to test the applications.

Reviewer: We use Google Cloud Build (GCB) triggers to test applications

For more information, see the
[`gcloud alpha builds triggers`](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/alpha/builds/triggers/)
commands.

## Create or update a trigger

*   Run the following command to create or update a trigger for your Kubernetes
    application:

    > **NOTE**: To update the trigger, the configuration file must contain the
    > trigger ID or the name of the existing trigger, otherwise a new trigger

>     > will be created.

Reviewer: > **NOTE**: You can only update an existing trigger if its
    > configuration file contains either that trigger's name or trigger
    > ID. If neither are present within the configuration file, a new
    > trigger will be created.

>     > **IMPORTANT**: Mark new created triggers as required in repository settings.

Reviewer: > **IMPORTANT**: Mark newly created triggers as required in repository settings.

# Cloud Build triggers for a GitHub repository

We use Google Cloud Build (GCB) triggers to test applications.

For more information, see the
[`gcloud alpha builds triggers`](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/alpha/builds/triggers/)
commands.

> ## Create or update a trigger

Reviewer 2: In this section we should also provide guidance how to create the triggers. Should it happen manually and then get exported? How to check for the installationId? How should one use the trigger id and name?

        trigger.

>     *   `[PROJECT_ID]` is the GCP project ID where the trigger will be created.

Reviewer: *   `[PROJECT_ID]` is the GCP project ID of the project where the trigger will be created.

## Export an existing trigger

> *   Run the following command to export an existing trigger to file for your

Reviewer: *   Run the following command to export an existing trigger to a file for your

    Kubernetes application:

    ```shell
    gcloud alpha builds triggers export [TRIGGER] \
      --destination k8s/[APP_NAME].yaml \
      --project [PROJECT_ID]
    ```

    Where:

    *   `[TRIGGER]` is an ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for

>         the trigger.

Reviewer: *   `[TRIGGER]` is the trigger's ID or fully qualified identifier.

    *   `[APP_NAME]` is the application name for which you want to export the

>         configuration.

Reviewer: *   `[APP_NAME]` is the name of the application whose configuration you want to
        export.

>     *   `[PROJECT_ID]` is the GCP project ID where the trigger will be exported.

Reviewer: *   `[PROJECT_ID]` is the GCP project ID of the project where the trigger will
        be exported.

## Get details about an existing trigger

> *   Run the following command to get details of an existing trigger:

Reviewer: *   Run the following command to get the details of an existing trigger:

        trigger.
    *   `[PROJECT_ID]` is the GCP project ID where the trigger will be created.

## Export an existing trigger

*   Run the following command to export an existing trigger to file for your
    Kubernetes application:

    ```shell
    gcloud alpha builds triggers export [TRIGGER] \
      --destination k8s/[APP_NAME].yaml \
      --project [PROJECT_ID]
    ```

    Where:

>     *   `[TRIGGER]` is an ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   `[TRIGGER]` is a trigger's ID or fully qualified identifier.
```

>         the trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     *   `[APP_NAME]` is the application name for which you want to export the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   `[APP_NAME]` is the name of the application whose configuration you want
```

>         configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        to export.
```

    *   `[PROJECT_ID]` is the GCP project ID where the trigger will be exported.

> ## Get details about an existing trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get the details of an existing trigger
```
